# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2020-12-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/4tauxcLYLTw  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/437

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Bradley Farias (@bmeck) 

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Dominykas, process for creating orgs in pkgjs org, reminder that we should follow. Covered in https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/blob/main/Governance.md
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * added for node-addon-api
  * being added for a number under the nodeshift org.

* Building `create-pkg` [#404](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/404)
  * Wes will take a look this week to push what he has.

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * Draft of email for collaboration space. Wes believed he sent it out and was waiting on
    feedback.
  * Darcy will review the doc, hoping we can submit by the end of the year[a]
  * Draft of collab space email: https://hackmd.io/KDDITAKATBmGMnC6a1of6w

* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * went over some of the suggestions, added a few
  * Michael to submit suggestion on npm repo to show the support info

* Introduce field to configure expected permissions of a package [#436](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/436)
  * Initial discussion of package meta data to configure expected permissions for a package
  * Discussed that there might be 2 use cases, post install and runtime
  * Discussion around needed a better understanding of the use cases before being able to effectively comment
  * May move to an npm rfc for future discussion
## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.




[a]Darcy will review the doc, hoping we can submit by the end of the year @clarke.darcy@gmail.com
_Assigned to Darcy Clarke_
