# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2021-03-09

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/t1uNHXuwkeo
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/452

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Tierney
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No announcements

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * No updates this week.
  * Tiernery will look at some of the past docs, to see if they cover the explanation, how we might
    package it etc.
* https://openjsf.org/blog/2020/09/23/node-js-package-maintenance-bridging-the-gap-between-maintainers-and-consumers/
* https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/blob/main/docs/PACKAGE-SUPPORT.md\

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * GitHub set up  https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space
  * Next is 

* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * Michael talked to some people at npm about the discussion issue we opened to see if
    They could add package support info to what is shown for modules. They have a healthy
    backlog so will not be able to prioritize soon.
    * There are some plans to expose other metadata so may be able consider it as part of that
      but no promises. That other work is likely still months out as well.
    * We should check back in a few months

* https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/453
  * Some discussion around clients for Kafka

* Wiby is very close to being MVP
  * have PRs to do last few things
  * spoke to Matteo, try opening an issue on fastify
  * Michael will see if there are any within the RH nodeshift repo that might make sense.
  * Plan to do playback in next meeting.

* Tierney working on pkgjs/meet
  * update release structure using actions
  * now support for hack.md (Mary added)
  * Has most features, main thing still working on is simpler short hand in
  * Calendar integration is one of the big one

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
