# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2021-04-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/2-Nirw3MAvA
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/457>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Daniel Park (@gimli01)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * asking people in our orgs, to add
  * Darcy should we track somewhere ?
  * Add a doc, in same place as spec in terms of people/orgs who have added it
    * volunteers to create ? Rick will create initial cut.

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * Darcy working with Jory/Rachel from foundation to market/announce, meeting this week to
    move forward.
  * Sounds like we should be kicking off quite soon.

* Discussed how to move forward create-pkg
  * opened - https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/458

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits)

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
