# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2021-02-23

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaH1XS_QBNM
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/450

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)
* Tierney Cyren

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* OpenJS World 2021 CFP [#447](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/447)
  * Glen submitted the panel discussion
  * Darcy/Beth put together talk abstract

* Confirm/re-evaluate meeting times/schedule? [#438](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/438)
  * Based on the doodle we agreed to move the Tuesday 9 AM time to Thursday at 1-2 ET as well as
    keeping the current Tuesday 3-4 time, that covers the two most popular times and has at least
    one time that everybody who responded can make.

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * No updates on this one.

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * Collaboration space approved, Michael worked with Darcy to set up repo - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space

* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2021/02/10/add-standardized-support-information-to-your-node-js-modules/
  * Landed the “create” command pkg support module - https://github.com/pkgjs/support/pull/40
  * Dominikas, will see if NearForm will add to their modules
  * Michael will follow up with npm in terms of showing info on the npm UI.

* Discussion about Wiby
  * Dominykas will tag Glenn with an issue or 2 that he can work on  (possibly #55)
  * Considering putting in place for Fastify, but needs a bit more functionality to be an MVP.

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
